[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to Beyond Belief.
Sev Talk is with us, an ET
contactee and experiencer
advocate who speaks
at UFO conferences
all around the planet
and helps people come out
with their own personal
ET contact stories.
What an incredible job.
How did this all
happen for you, Sev?
>>SEV TOK: Well, I've
been an experiencer
since I was 10 years old.
Well, that's my first conscious
memory of having an experience.
>>NOORY: Could
have been earlier.
>>TOK: It could
have been earlier,
but I don't have a
conscious memory of it.
And it continued my
whole life, up until 2017
when I moved to North Carolina.
I moved to the inner
banks of North Carolina
right on the water, which
is where I live now.
And my second night there, I
made contact with the Greys.
And they burned--
>>NOORY: Again.
>>TOK: Again because
I had met them before.
And back then, I thought
the Greys were evil.
I thought they were bad.
I thought they were
messing with me.
I was afraid of them.
But I've completely
changed my mind now.
I don't see them
like that anymore.
>>NOORY: What was the experience
that made you change your mind?
What happened?
>>TOK: It was the
second night that we
moved to the inner
banks of North Carolina
from Capitol Hill,
Washington, DC.
>>NOORY: That's a big move.
>>TOK: Yes, in many ways.
And in the morning, I was in
the kitchen unpacking dishes
and I felt something
bite my tush.
>>NOORY: Well, that's a nice ET.
>>TOK: [LAUGHS] And I yelled
over to my then-partner,
I think something bit my butt.
Will you look at it?
And he's like, yeah.
So I walk over to
the living room
and I'm giggling to myself
because I think this is funny.
And I bend over and he's looking
and he's not saying anything.
And this is starting to
get me really nervous.
I said, well, did a bug bite me?
And he said--
>>NOORY: It hurt that much.
>>TOK: Yeah, it hurt.
And he said, yeah, there's a bug
bite but there's also a red X.
>>NOORY: Like that?
>>TOK: Yes.
Nine little dots.
And so he took a picture.
And when I saw this
picture, I was just stunned.
We were both stunned.
It's a red X. It was
on my left cheek.
And it's made up of
nine small circles.
Yeah, there it is.
>>NOORY: That's it right there.
>>TOK: That is what I
saw and on my left cheek.
And it was about an inch and
a half to two inches big.
And when I ran my finger across
it, I couldn't feel it at all.
It was flush with my skin.
>>NOORY: It was smooth.
>>TOK: And it just looked
like little burn marks.
I instinctively knew
it was the Greys.
>>NOORY: How do you think
that was applied to you?
>>TOK: I think it was
burned into me maybe laser.
>>NOORY: And you
felt it, though.
>>TOK: I didn't feel it.
>>NOORY: You did not feel it.
>>TOK: No, I've never felt
any of the marks, bruises,
missing skin.
I've never felt any of the marks
on my skin when they happened.
>>NOORY: Now, why would
they do that to you?
>>TOK: Well, I have
a couple of theories
because it happened
again nine days later.
>>NOORY: The same thing?
>>TOK: Yes, another red X mark
was burned into my right cheek.
>>NOORY: My God.
>>TOK: And this time, when
I came to in my room, I
had a conscious memory
of what happened.
I remember I was on this bed.
It was like a hospital-type bed.
And I was in a room
that was dimly lit.
And I didn't recognize the room.
>>NOORY: You could have
been in a craft, right?
>>TOK: I could have
been in a craft.
And I was paralyzed.
I couldn't move my arms and
I couldn't move my legs.
And I sensed
something behind me.
And I couldn't move my head.
So when I turned around,
I made eye contact
with a Grey that was
standing right here,
just inches from me.
And we locked eyes.
And I described it in my book--
it was like looking into
two pools of black oil.
And I was terrified.
Absolutely--
>>NOORY: Who wouldn't be?
>>TOK: --terrified.
And I turned my
head back around,
and ding, I'm in my
bedroom, wide awake.
After every experience
that I have,
when I pop back into my
home or into my bedroom,
my eyes just pop open
and I'm completely alert.
There was no grogginess.
It's not like I'm
slowly waking up.
I'm completely alert
like I was plopped
into a different reality.
>>NOORY: Sev, let's go
back to the beginning
when you had this very first
experience when you were
younger, when you were a kid.
Was it the same as what
you've just described?
>>TOK: No, it was
very different.
>>NOORY: That was different.
>>TOK: Yeah, so when I
was 10 until I was 12,
I would find myself outside
and I would see this spaceship
coming.
And it happened so many
times I lost count.
And each time, the
ship would come
from a different direction.
>>NOORY: They beam you aboard?
>>TOK: I don't remember
that part, but it would come
and it would hover over me.
And it was so big, it
just blocked out the sky.
And I was so happy.
I was so happy to see the
being that was in this craft
because it felt like
a family member.
It felt like my brother.
And it would land
and a door would open
and stairs would come down.
>>NOORY: For you.
>>TOK: Yes, I was
the only one there.
And he would walk down and he
would be checking up on me,
just making sure that I'm OK.
>>NOORY: Made you
feel comfortable?
>>TOK: Yes, very much.
I loved him.
>>NOORY: And the craft,
would you go in the craft?
>>TOK: I don't remember.
I don't have memories of that.
I may have, but I don't
have any conscious memory--
>>NOORY: You may have
gone to other planets.
>>TOK: Well, it's
interesting you
say that because when I
had that X on my tush, when
I was in that room on
that bed, paralyzed,
I knew I was on the moon.
>>NOORY: Is it still there?
>>TOK: No, they only
lasted a couple of weeks.
>>NOORY: God, I was hoping
for a live demonstration
on Beyond Belief.
I guess we won't go
there today, folks.
>>TOK: The Xs are gone.
>>NOORY: They've healed up?
>>TOK: But there's
just nothing there.
But I've had other marks
on my body since then.
Geometric marks.
>>NOORY: I wonder
why that design.
>>TOK: I don't
know why the X. The
X is an ancient sign
or an ancient symbol.
>>NOORY: It means something.
It means something.
>>TOK: And the X files.
The X is associated a
lot with the unknown.
>>NOORY: How many
people, Sev, like
you are going through
this situation?
>>TOK: I think it's millions.
I think millions of people are
having contact, most of whom
don't even know it because ET
contact doesn't happen just
in a 3D fashion.
It happens in an
interdimensional,
multi-dimensional fashion
that feels like a dream.
So a lot of people are
having these experiences
but they're thinking
that they're dreams,
which is what I used to think.
I battled with it.
>>NOORY: Who wouldn't?
Absolutely.
>>TOK: But dreams don't put
two red Xs on your tush.
And that's how I knew--
that was my validation
that oh, my gosh,
this whole entire time,
my whole life, it's true.
I have been in
communication with ETs.
So when I saw the second
X, just really no words
to describe what went through
my body and through my mind.
>>NOORY: And how big were the X?
Hold your fingers up.
>>TOK: Yeah, they're
about this big.
So one on the left cheek,
one on the right cheek,
directly across from each other.
>>NOORY: Perfect alignment.
>>TOK: Yes, they look
just like each other.
And so when I saw
the second X, I
described it as an
existential crisis
because I didn't know
anything anymore.
It was like my rug of
reality was pulled right out
from underneath my feet.
I didn't know who I was anymore.
I didn't know what I
was doing in the middle
of the night talking to aliens.
I didn't know what
they wanted with me.
>>NOORY: Now that's got
to be a scary feeling.
>>TOK: Yes, it was--
I was very scared.
And I didn't know who
we were as human beings.
I didn't know anything anymore.
>>NOORY: Were you out of it?
>>TOK: Excuse me?
>>TOK: No, well, was
I out of it when--
>>NOORY: Yeah, just like
you were in a fog or a daze?
>>TOK: Yes, it was
like there was no time.
I was just absolutely
suspended in knowing
nothing, [LAUGHS],, like I
had to reknow everything.
I had to reknow who I am and
what I'm doing and who we are.
And so I said to
my partner then,
we're going to pretend
like we never saw the Xs.
We're just going to ignore this.
>>NOORY: How can you ignore?
>>TOK: Because that's
what I did my whole life.
>>NOORY: They were there.
How can you ignore it?
>>TOK: That was my MO.
That's what I did.
>>NOORY: At this
point, Sev, why do you
think this contact is
occurring with you and so many
other people, as you've said?
What's going on?
>>TOK: Well, with
me, individually, I
had begun this personal
spiritual journey
of becoming the most
authentic version of myself
that I could possibly be because
I believe when you express
your authenticity, that's when
you are the most fulfilled,
the happiest, the
most successful.
And along that journey,
I had to face the ETs
because I had been lying about
them my whole entire life.
And in order to--
excuse me.
>>NOORY: Were you in denial?
>>TOK: I was-- oh,
yes, for decades.
And so I had to
process that or I
couldn't express
myself authentically
and I was living a lie.
And it's not like if
you're an experiencer,
you can put that off
here and say, OK, I'm
just going to ignore that.
I'm going to keep all
my experiences here,
but I'm going to try and live
the rest of my life normally.
It doesn't work like that.
That lie, it
permeates everything,
every area of your
life, into your career,
into your relationships, into
your friendships, everything.
>>NOORY: And the more you weave
the story, the worse it gets.
>>TOK: Yes, I was
in two relationships
that became abusive.
And I had adopted at that
time, the victim attitude.
I played the victim.
I don't do that anymore.
And it's through
processing my ET contact
that I lost the victim vibe.
I realized that I can't
live life as a victim.
And that is my own
little lies that I've
created for some reason.
And I'm not going to
live like that anymore.
And when I chose to do that,
my life completely changed.
So now I think the
Greys were helping me.
They were helping me become
more authentic and more
self-empowered.
>>NOORY: Are you
still being visited?
>>TOK: Yes.
>>NOORY: Constantly.
>>TOK: I'm visited often by a
variety of different beings.
>>NOORY: Now what do you do
with this gift, I will say,
that they basically
have given you?
>>TOK: The gift of
being a contactee?
>>NOORY: Yeah, it's a gift.
Not everybody is aware of it.
>>TOK: Not everyone is aware of
it, but I think a lot of people
can be a contactee.
The easiest way to make
contact is through meditation
because I help people make
contact with other worldly
beings, whether it's an ET or
whether it's a spirit guide,
whether it's a dead person.
We can all do that.
All these consciousnesses
exist in what
I call the playground
of consciousness.
All these beings exist there.
And when you enter that
playground of consciousness,
you come in contact
with a variety
of different beings
living on a variety
of different dimensions.
>>NOORY: I'm trying
to visualize, Sev, you
with these ETs.
And you've got a sketch which
highlights a little bit what
these Greys look like.
Let's take a look at this.
And you can describe what it is.
What are we looking at?
>>TOK: That is a baby floating
in a tube that was shown to me.
>>NOORY: Is it liquefied?
>>TOK: There was a liquid
type of something in the tube.
It was blue.
>>NOORY: That's allowing
the baby to float.
>>TOK: And the
baby's eyes were open
and they were the bluest
eyes I've ever seen.
And I was in a dark room and
I didn't know where I was.
And I was really confused.
I didn't understand why I
was looking at this baby.
And then I sensed
something behind me.
And when I turned around,
I saw those three Greys--
tall, medium, and short.
And this is when I
didn't know that Greys
came in different sizes.
And they were nice.
And they said to
me, telepathically,
because all the
communication is telepathic,
"We're just going to stay here.
Just take your time.
No hurry."
And I turned back around
to look at this baby.
And I was really confused.
I did not even feel
anything for the baby.
>>NOORY: Was the baby alive?
>>TOK: Yes.
And even though you can't tell
its sex because of its legs,
I knew it was a boy.
So I come back to-- in
my room, once again,
ding, my eyes are open.
I'm fully alert.
And I just told myself,
OK, that's something else
we're going to ignore.
I'm not going to tell
anybody and we're just
going to ignore it.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
>>TOK: But then
many years later, I
had an experience in
Roswell, New Mexico.
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>TOK: Yes, with
my then partner.
And I was given information
about the hybridization
program.
And they reminded
me of that event.
>>NOORY: What do you think
of the hybridization program?
What's going on here?
>>TOK: I've only been given
information with respect
to the Greys and
humans, that program.
>>NOORY: Their program.
>>TOK: Yeah, I think
there's other programs.
And I think humans
might be involved--
>>NOORY: What are they doing?
>>TOK: --in some of them too
>>NOORY: What do they want?
>>TOK: Well, what
they told me is
that they lost the ability to
be empathetic and sympathetic.
And when that happens,
your race dies out.
And so they are
choosing humans that
are, for the most part, a
very empathetic, sympathetic,
loving, and also,
for the most part,
have very strong psy
or psychic abilities.
>>NOORY: Do we?
>>TOK: Yes, we do,
but they're especially
choosing people that have
better than normal skills
to hybridize with.
>>NOORY: What does
a hybrid look like
as a cross between
a human and a Grey?
>>TOK: Well, I've only
been shown that baby.
And then I also had
another experience
where I was healing
very sickly babies.
And they looked human but
they were coughing up blood.
And there were humans
involved in that.
>>NOORY: Human head, human eyes?
>>TOK: Yeah, but they were
wrapped in a lot of cloth.
And one of them started
rolling off the table.
And when I pulled
the cloth, I could
see its neck was like
as thin as my pinkie.
And I freaked out, and then
ding, I'm back in my room again
and I don't remember
anything else.
And there were humans there.
>>NOORY: Other humans.
>>TOK: Humans, yes.
So I don't know if they
were masked as humans
or if there are
hybridization programs that
include human beings and Greys.
I'm not quite clear.
I think there might be many.
>>NOORY: Though you have
not had any human babies,
is it conceivable you have
participated in a hybridization
program for breeding?
>>TOK: Yeah, I was
told that's why I was
shown that baby in the tube.
>>NOORY: Was that your baby?
>>TOK: Yeah, it's still
hard for me to admit.
It's still hard for
me to talk about that.
>>NOORY: Well, I
don't blame you.
>>TOK: That's what they said.
I'm just going to tell
you what they said.
>>NOORY: Do you get
emotional over that?
>>TOK: It's just
hard to believe.
>>NOORY: How many hybrid
kids do you have out there?
>>TOK: I don't know.
And I really don't--
I don't talk about myself
as being a hybrid mother.
as having hybrid children.
I just tell the story about
my hybridization experience,
and that's it.
>>NOORY: What do we
know about the program?
Is it a nine-month gestation
period like a human baby?
>>TOK: I don't know.
>>NOORY: No idea.
>>TOK: I don't know, no.
>>NOORY: Do they
speed things up?
>>TOK: Possibly.
They did tell me that there
are billions of these embryos
and they're in a frozen state.
And that we're on the path
of annihilating ourselves.
>>NOORY: We are.
>>TOK: Yes, but
it's not definite
because we have an infinite
amount of potential futures.
>>NOORY: Did they ever
tell you what planetary
system the Greys come from?
>>TOK: They didn't tell me.
>>NOORY: Do you have any guess?
>>TOK: No, it's interesting.
People have asked
me before, well,
when you're talking to them,
don't you ask them their names
or don't you ask them
where they come from?
And I never do.
And I really don't have a good
answer for that, other than--
maybe this might come
close to explaining it,
but when you haven't been
home for a while and then
you go home.
Well, you don't look at your
mother and say, where am I
or who are you?
You just know.
It's like that feeling.
>>NOORY: You just pick
up where you left off.
>>TOK: Yeah, there's
just no desire to ask.
>>NOORY: Why is it happening?
>>TOK: Because we need help.
>>NOORY: We need help?
>>TOK: Yes.
>>NOORY: Or they need help.
>>TOK: We're like the
bad boys in the galaxy
and we're causing
a lot of trouble.
We're troublemakers.
>>NOORY: Are they going to
replace us with the hybrids?
>>TOK: Well, if we
annihilate ourselves--
if we do.
It's not a given.
>>NOORY: What if we don't?
>>TOK: I don't know what's going
to happen to those embryos.
They did tell me
that there was a fear
within the Galactic
system, that these embryos,
if they got into the hands
of negative entities or lower
vibrational entities--
>>NOORY: And there's
some out there?
>>TOK: Yes.
>>NOORY: Unfortunately.
>>TOK: Would they turn
them into killing machines?
And I was told that these
beings, these embryos
have been designed to be so
loving and so caring and so
gentle and so kind that they
would make horrible killing
machines.
>>NOORY: Sev, hundreds
of thousands of humans
disappear off the face of
this planet every year.
They're just gone.
They vanish.
People can't find them.
Maybe some are killed.
Who knows what?
Is it conceivable that
these aliens, these Greys
are taking them, bringing
them to their planet,
and doing God
knows what to them?
>>TOK: Well, yeah,
it's conceivable.
I don't know if it's just
the Greys that's doing that,
but we could also maybe be
doing it of our own volition.
Maybe some people
are finding a portal
and choosing to
enter that portal.
Maybe some people are
going into a portal
into another alternate,
parallel reality,
don't even realize
that they're there.
And to us, they're gone,
but to themselves, they're
still living on Earth but
they're on another Earth.
>>NOORY: What are the blues?
And I don't mean the
Saint Louis hockey team.
>>TOK: [LAUGHS] The
Blues are beings--
I call them the Blues.
And they came to me in
the middle of the day
when I was sitting
in my living room.
And they just showed up.
And there were two of them.
>>NOORY: You like them?
>>TOK: Oh, they're so loving.
Yes.
And they're gorgeous.
And they were just undulating
kaleidoscope streams of light.
I couldn't even draw
them if I had to.
They're hard to draw, but it
was mostly blues, light blues,
silver, and a little
bit of spring green
that was just flash.
>>NOORY: Why visit you?
>>TOK: Ever since I
was a little girl,
I've been playing in that
playground of consciousness,
as I describe it.
I've been communicating
with beings in other worlds.
And I'm just open--
I'm just open to it.
>>NOORY: How did they visit you?
>>TOK: They visit in 3D,
but they also visit like--
it's hard to describe, but when
you're in a meditative state
and you're having
communication, whatever that is.
>>NOORY: Let's look
at some of the images
on what you're talking about.
And you can explain
what they are and like,
in this case, how the Blues
appear to you, how they pop up.
>>TOK: That is my rendition.
I tried to--
>>NOORY: You did this?
>>TOK: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Nice job.
>>TOK: I tried to draw as close
as possible to what I saw.
That's not really
exactly what they look
like but it is very similar.
They didn't have
that clothing on.
But why I chose
these two beings--
and I blurred them
a little bit--
is because the colors
were very much like that,
the faces were very
much like that.
And they look like very
kind and nice beings.
And when they showed
up on my living room--
that's the house that
I was living in--
they literally just
showed up on my couch.
And I took a picture
with my cell phone,
but they didn't come up.
They didn't come
up in the picture.
>>NOORY: They didn't
show up on it.
How tall are they?
>>TOK: Oh, eight,
nine feet, maybe.
>>NOORY: That tall?
>>TOK: Yes.
And the first thing-- and
I'm blinking like this.
I'm like, I cannot
believe what I'm seeing.
And the love that they exuded,
I describe it as more than the
love that you feel
from your mother.
I have never felt love
like that in my life.
And the first thing
they said to me
was, when you look into our
eyes, you look into your own.
>>NOORY: Did they give you
any secrets of the universe?
>>TOK: Well, yes.
>>NOORY: Can you share them?
>>TOK: They told me about
our dimensional DNA.
They told me about
DNA activation.
And I do share that information
on my website, in my writings,
on my YouTube channel.
And they told me about Tesla,
Disney, and Tchaikovsky.
>>NOORY: What did they
tell you about them?
>>TOK: These three men have been
three of my most favorite men
since I was a little girl.
And they told me that those
three men were connected
and they were communicating.
>>NOORY: With the ETs.
>>TOK: With the rest of the
universe, yes, with everything.
And they said that
Disney and Tesla met.
And they said when you
listen to Tchaikovsky music--
which has always been my
favorite classical music--
it's a DNA activator.
>>NOORY: And what do you
mean by DNA activator?
>>TOK: Well, our DNA is
made up of many pieces
that our scientists
are not even aware of.
We have multi-dimensional
qualities to our DNA,
very high-frequency
parts to our DNA.
And when those high-frequency
parts are focused upon,
they're activated.
That raises your vibration.
And when you raise
your vibration,
then you're plugged into
the higher dimensions
and the higher elements
of this universe.
>>NOORY: Do they leave
you, these blues,
any specific message?
>>TOK: Well, other than
Tchaikovsky being a DNA
activator and that
it's no accident
that one of Disney's
most famous movies,
Fantasia, is filled
with Tchaikovsky music.
>>NOORY: Classic movie too.
>>TOK: Yes, one of my favorites.
So that is not just a cartoon.
When you watch Fantasia--
>>NOORY: Were these all
hybrids, these three--
Tesla, Disney, Tchaikovsky?
>>TOK: Are they--
>>NOORY: Hybrids or humans.
>>TOK: Possibly.
>>NOORY: You're not sure.
>>TOK: I'm not sure
but it's very possible.
>>NOORY: Might have gotten
a little boost from the ETs.
>>TOK: I think we're
all really hybrids.
I think we all have
ET DNA within us
because we have Stardust in us.
>>NOORY: Yeah, we do.
>>TOK: And some of
us have activated
that ET DNA more than others.
And some of us have
more ET DNA than others.
But I think it's in all of us.
>>NOORY: We're actually 14
billion years old, aren't we?
>>TOK: At least.
>>NOORY: We have Stardust,
as you mentioned, in this.
What is the Mantis?
>>TOK: The Mantis is a being
that many, many people see.
It looks like a praying mantis.
It looks like a giant bug.
>>NOORY: OK, I've seen those.
>>TOK: Yeah, or Mantid.
Some people call them Mantids.
>>NOORY: Take a
picture of that too.
Those are creepy-looking.
Aren't they?
>>TOK: Well, they
might look creepy
but it's a really good story.
So I help experiencers around
the world that can contact me
through my website.
And I'm also the
assistant state director
for North Carolina for MUFON.
So I also help
experiencers through MUFON.
This is an experiencer
that contacted me.
His name is Ralph Connor.
He lives in Virginia.
And he painted this.
And he was on a spaceship.
And he came in
contact with the Greys
and with these mantid beings.
And he said that he
felt like his mind was
in this magnetic field.
And that the Mantid's
mind and his mind melted.
>>NOORY: They blended together.
>>TOK: Yes, and that the
Mantid knew everything
that he was thinking.
And he, in turn, knew everything
all the beings on the craft
were thinking.
And he said it was really
beautiful feeling of unity.
And he said he'll
never forget it.
It was really very empowering.
>>NOORY: The one on the left,
Sev, what is that, a pencil?
What is that?
What are they holding?
>>TOK: That is a wand.
And there are a lot
of experiencers who've
seen ETs holding
wands, but we really
aren't quite sure
what that wand is.
I don't know.
>>NOORY: What do they do?
>>TOK: I mean, if you watch
Men in Black, they have a wand.
Who knows what that wand is?
We really don't know.
>>NOORY: Are those beings
prevalent all over the place?
>>TOK: The Greys and the
Mantids, they seem to be.
A lot of experiencers
have met them.
I have not met the
Mantids that I'm aware of.
>>NOORY: Are they friendly?
>>TOK: Yes, they're very loving.
>>NOORY: What star system
might they be from?
>>TOK: I don't know.
>>NOORY: You've got to
get those answers for us.
>>TOK: OK, next time.
>>NOORY: On your
next visitations.
You don't seem to ask
them a lot of questions.
>>TOK: They talk to me.
They give me a lot
of information.
And I just sit there and I
just allow them to just fill me
with information.
>>NOORY: They don't seem to
tell you a lot about themselves,
though.
Is there a reason for that?
>>TOK: No, and that could be
maybe because I already know.
Maybe I already know,
George, and I can't remember.
>>NOORY: Or maybe
you won't tell us.
>>TOK: I would tell
you if I remembered.
>>NOORY: You would?
>>TOK: Yeah, I'd tell you
everything if I remembered,
yes.
>>NOORY: Is this a good thing or
a bad thing, these visitations?
>>TOK: I think it's
wonderful because they're
helping mankind.
And people say, why
don't they just land
in front of the White House?
Well, we all know why
that's not going to happen
because that's just chaos.
These ETs are very wise and
they are helping us transform.
They're helping us realize
that we're all connected
and we're all one.
This is a very
important message.
Every experiencer who gets that
message changes and they start
to live their life
consciously aware
of the energy they're
creating, the mark
that they're leaving
on the planet to humans
and to animals, to flora, fauna,
to the oceans, to the air.
A lot of experiencers become
very sensitive to their role
on Earth and they
want to make sure
that they are as loving
and as kind as possible.
>>NOORY: These ET experiencers,
do they get the word out
to other people?
>>TOK: Some do.
A lot of them still don't want
to come out or talk about it,
and I completely
understand that.
>>NOORY: Are they
afraid of the reaction?
>>TOK: Yeah, but
that's changing now.
So much is happening right now.
>>NOORY: You're not afraid.
>>TOK: No, but I was.
I mean, I hid it for
decades, for 40 years.
Over 40 years, I hid it.
I was afraid.
I didn't want my clients to
know I was talking to aliens.
I didn't want my
friends to know.
I didn't want anybody to know.
>>NOORY: Were you
embarrassed then?
>>TOK: Yeah.
And that's what's so horrible
about this whole experience
or phenomena is that
we get embarrassed.
And that's why I'm out.
I don't want to experiencers
to be embarrassed or ashamed
anymore because this is
remarkable, what's happening.
We're coming in contact, face
to face, eyeball to eyeball,
with a being from another
planet or star system,
and then we're hiding it.
And so I'm out
here speaking, I'm
asking experiencers
to contact me.
I'll help them if
they need some help.
You have to come
out to yourself.
You don't have to come out and
be on TV or do conferences,
but it's important you
come out to yourself.
>>NOORY: How many people are
having these experiences, Sev,
and they don't know
who to turn to,
they don't know who to tell, and
they keep it within themselves?
>>TOK: Yeah, most of them.
So they could go to MUFON.
They could come to me
through my website.
>>NOORY: They
won't be ridiculed.
>>TOK: No, MUFON is
really good at making sure
that whoever contacts MUFON
is dealt with in a very
non-judgmental manner.
It's very important that
if you're an experiencer
and you want to talk to someone,
that you talk to someone
who's not going to judge you.
>>NOORY: One of the compliments
I get on our radio show, Coast
to Coast, is people say,
you don't ridicule people.
You listen to them.
You let them talk.
You don't judge them.
Because it would
be easy to say, you
didn't get picked up by
ETs, this doesn't happen,
but what benefit does that do?
So understand people that
they're actually going through,
real or not, some
incredible experiences
that affect them deeply.
>>TOK: Oh, it
changes their lives.
>>NOORY: And who am I to
say it's not happening?
>>TOK: Yes, and that's what's
so wonderful about you, George.
And yeah, that's a very
valuable role that you play.
You're part of
this transformation
that Earth is undergoing
to be a kinder,
gentler place, hopefully.
>>NOORY: Well, and what
we want on this program,
Beyond Belief, is to
get people like you
to tell us their experiences
and what's going on.
If we help just one person
watching this program
right now, who's saying,
that's what's happening to me.
I didn't know,
it's well worth it.
>>TOK: Oh, it sure is.
>>NOORY: Now this
happened to you
when you were a young person.
Is that happening a lot
to our younger people?
>>TOK: Oh, yes because
the little ones
are really plugged in,
and so a lot of kids
are having experiences.
And sometimes the
ETs cloak themselves.
They look like clowns,
or in one case--
>>NOORY: I hate clowns.
>>TOK: OK, [LAUGHS].
Yeah, a lot of people
don't like clowns.
>>NOORY: Don't dress
up like a clown.
>>TOK: They look like
cuddly little things,
and so the kids don't even
really realize that it's an ET.
And often, if kids say
something to their parents,
their parents just pretty much
just dismiss the whole thing.
>>NOORY: They put
it away, absolutely.
Spirits, ghosts, all that stuff.
>>TOK: We're born plugged in.
And then our friends,
society, family
slowly erodes that
and tells us we really
shouldn't be plugged in.
>>NOORY: How do you help
people cope with their own ET
experiences?
>>TOK: Well, first,
I allow them just
to tell me their entire story.
And for some people, it's
been a lifetime of stories.
And I just listen.
>>NOORY: Will they tell you?
>>TOK: Yes because I
protect their privacy.
If they contact me
through my website,
I do not share their
information unless they give me
permission to.
>>NOORY: Can you give
us some big names?
>>TOK: No.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: You won't,
or you can't?
>>TOK: Well, I don't
think I should.
Yeah, not everybody wants
their name out there.
>>NOORY: No, that's true.
>>TOK: They really don't.
And the ones that are sharing
their names, I'm so grateful.
But they've done a lot
of processing in order
to get there.
>>NOORY: How close
are we to getting
to the truth of all of this?
>>TOK: Well, you know,
lately right now,
there's a lot going
on in the news.
And so right now, there's that
whistleblower that's saying
that there's--
>>NOORY: It's a great story.
>>TOK: --saucers and remains of
beings that our government is
holding on to.
>>NOORY: Air Force Intelligence
officer David Grusch.
>>TOK: Yes.
And so that's shocking people.
And it's opening the
door just a little bit.
It's getting
people, maybe people
who don't believe,
to think, oh my gosh,
maybe this could be real.
>>NOORY: Will the
hybridization programs
continue and things like that?
That's not stopping, is it?
>>TOK: I don't know
if it's stopping.
A lot of experiences
are coming to me
with those types of
experiences, men and women.
But it tends to be mostly women.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>TOK: It's hard to tell
with these experiences
if they happened in the past or
if they're happening right now.
There really is no time.
I am not even really even
sure if an experience that I
remember happened at
that moment or I'm just
remembering something that
happened to me years ago.
I'm not certain.
But when I got the
X, it feels like it
happened at that moment.
Because there was a bug bite
that went along with it.
There was a little bit of--
>>NOORY: It seems
to be that people
who are in contact
with ETs generally
become a little more
cultural, aesthetic, artistic.
Why does that happen?
I mean, like your drawing was
very well done, by the way.
>>TOK: Yes.
I've been an artist
my whole life.
But you bring up a
really good point,
in that many experiencers become
artists after their contact.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>TOK: Yes.
A lot of experiencers
start to express themselves
artistically.
When you express
yourself artistically,
you're channeling divine energy.
And a lot of these
experiences, the ETs
are giving us
spiritual information
about self-empowerment
and about unity.
And this changes the person.
And it makes them
realize, oh, how
can I show more love to
myself, and how can I
show more love to humanity?
Well, I really like to draw,
or I really like to paint,
or I really like to play music.
That brings me great joy.
So I'm going to start
doing that for myself.
And then also people,
when they hear
my music, when they
see my paintings,
they're going to
feel the joy, too.
>>NOORY: Sev, what do
you say to someone who's
watching this
program who says, I
think this is happening to me?
What do they do?
Where do they go again?
You mentioned--
>>TOK: Well, they
can come to me.
My website, planetsev.com.
And it's private.
You just fill out
a few questions.
And I'll email you.
>>NOORY: You'll
get back to them.
>>TOK: Oh yes, I'll
And I'll help you
as much as I can.
And I do that for free.
>>NOORY: What has been the
greatest story of someone
who has come to you with an
experience that you remember?
You don't have to
give us any names.
No names.
>>TOK: You mean maybe
the most unusual story?
>>NOORY: Whatever you
think is one of the best.
Tell it to us.
>>TOK: It's really hard
to pick one of the best,
because I think they're
all so excellent.
>>NOORY: Tell us one, though.
>>TOK: OK.
There is a young lady.
And she's had many,
many, many experiences.
A lot of them have to do with
the hybridization program.
It's very complex because
some of these experiences
are very happy experiences,
and some of them
are very stressful.
It seems like when a
human being is involved,
they're stressful experiences.
>>NOORY: What do you
mean a human being?
>>TOK: Well sometimes we have
experiences that are just ET,
and sometimes you have
ET and human together.
I've had those experiences.
>>NOORY: You mean there's
been a human with the ET?
>>TOK: Yeah.
And those tend to be
a little stressful.
>>NOORY: Like an assistant?
>>TOK: I don't know
what's going on there.
I don't know.
It seems like when human beings
get involved, things just get--
>>NOORY: Maybe they're hybrids.
>>TOK: The humans?
Yeah, they're not all
that nice, though.
You know, MILAB?
Military abductions.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>TOK: I have had
several of those.
And they're not nice.
They're either neutral
or they're horrible.
I've never heard of a
nice MILAB experience.
And those in my experiences,
sometimes they were just human
and sometimes there
were ETs involved.
>>NOORY: All right,
so you're saying
some of these experiences
are not always beneficial.
>>TOK: That brings up a really
good point about perspective.
>>NOORY: Because originally
in the beginning,
you talked about how
you're not scared anymore.
How everything's great.
>>TOK: Yeah.
>>NOORY: But now
you're telling me
that there could be a little
nefarious thing going on here.
>>TOK: So there are so many
different types of beings--
high energy, low energy.
High vibe, low vibe.
And just like on Earth, when
you're with low vibe people,
they tend to be
difficult. They really
don't have your best
interests at heart.
So when I help
people make contact,
it's very important that we talk
about the quality of the energy
that they're exuding.
It's really important to exude
or radiate a high vibration.
That way, you'll align
with high vibration beings.
And those are the
beings that tend to be
loving and kind and supportive.
>>NOORY: Thank you, Sev,
for being on the program.
>>TOK: Oh, It's
been my pleasure.
Thank you so much for
everything you do.
>>NOORY: It's always
fascinating to me
to talk to somebody
who's an ET contactee
and find out the things
they've gone through
and how they have handled it.
And Sev has handled it in a
very gracious, intelligent way.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]